docs(uib): issues on partially importing a page (#2813)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/ui-builder/how-to-resolve-issues-with-partially-import.adoc

> = How to resolve issues with partially importing a page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Avoid unnecessary information messages
```

:page-aliases: applications:how-to-resolve-issues-with-partially-import.adoc

> :description: Discover how to troubleshoot errors encountered while importing a page into the application in UI Builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Discover how to deal with notifications encountered while importing a page into the application in UI Builder.
```
